You keep on calling me all that late at night. 
I really don’t know what’s on you mind. I just want to get laid, kinda sweet and safe, by your side. 
But you’re beating around with your new music collection. 
There’s something about your late night voice 
that doesn’t feel right. I’m scared to be wondering aloud, 
do you love me, do you love me not. I’m letting you talk. 
You get scared and annoyed. 
I’m moving my Dylan around, 
getting sick of my voice. 
You’re playing awful hard-to-get with my words. 
I just gotta get laid tonight. 
You remember everything about last night, I kinda like it. 
You didn’t like Hedwig, you didn’t get me at all. 
I realize how far you can go, 
20 years get in the way of getting laid, 
washed in mad music, tripping ahead. 
Dylan, Bright Eyes, Beck, Ryan Adams, Pete Yorn 
and a Badly Drawn Boy. 
I wonder what really went wrong on your zone 
that you sound so alone at your home. 
You’ve been tracking down songs, smiling away, 
with just the wrong accent on the wrong face, on the wrong day. 
I just wanna get laid tonight. 
I know just what you’re thinking. I’m thinking just the same. 
Got some problems saying what I want at your face, 
but I’m working on it. I’m taking some French. 
I manage an army of hi-tech boom-brains, and I’m doing allright. 
You got a great voice, dancing there all on your own. Kinda cool. Everyone’s getting married, hard-core famous, music biz faces, 
great shiny places and all. What a great show and a perfect day. 
You look like a top-model. 
I’m just a working class hero with something to say. Well, don’t block the way of your bright shining spark. 
Trust me when I tell you that I love you so hard. 
Ooh, but I don’t. I get scared. 
Morning breaks and I’m kinda running away. 
Out of your quiet peace of town, right down my little piece of hell. Back in the city where no one can tell, right from wrong, 
natural shine from intangible gel. 
I’m doing what I want, acting what I am. 
And no one ever really messes up with my name. 
If I tell you I love you, please don’t get me wrong. 
My music gets to choose my top-ten pleasures of this world
